.\" **************************************************************************
.\" *                                  _   _ ____  _
.\" *  Project                     ___| | | |  _ \| |
.\" *                             / __| | | | |_) | |
.\" *                            | (__| |_| |  _ <| |___
.\" *                             \___|\___/|_| \_\_____|
.\" *
.\" * Copyright (C) 1998 - 2015, Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>, et al.
.\" *
.\" * This software is licensed as described in the file COPYING, which
.\" * you should have received as part of this distribution. The terms
.\" * are also available at https://curl.haxx.se/docs/copyright.html.
.\" *
.\" * You may opt to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute and/or sell
.\" * copies of the Software, and permit persons to whom the Software is
.\" * furnished to do so, under the terms of the COPYING file.
.\" *
.\" * This software is distributed on an "AS IS" basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
.\" * KIND, either express or implied.
.\" *
.\" **************************************************************************
.\"
.TH CURLOPT_SSLCERTTYPE 3 "17 Jun 2014" "libcurl 7.37.0" "curl_easy_setopt options"
.SH NAME
CURLOPT_SSLCERTTYPE \- specify type of the client SSL certificate
.SH SYNOPSIS
#include <curl/curl.h>

CURLcode curl_easy_setopt(CURL *handle, CURLOPT_SSLCERTTYPE, char *type);
.SH DESCRIPTION
Pass a pointer to a zero terminated string as parameter. The string should be
the format of your certificate. Supported formats are "PEM", "DER", "ENG",
"P12", and "AUTO".

Some options are not available with some SSL libraries.
.SH DEFAULT
"AUTO"

All types of certificate files, and PKCS#11 URIs as defined in RFC7512,
should be automatically detected. If you ever need to change the certificate
type from "AUTO" for anything but an opaque identifier given to another type
of crypto engine, then this auto-detection is failing and you should file a
bug.
.SH PROTOCOLS
All TLS based protocols: HTTPS, FTPS, IMAPS, POP3S, SMTPS etc.
.SH EXAMPLE
TODO
.SH AVAILABILITY
If built TLS enabled. Added in 7.9.3
.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns CURLE_OK if TLS is supported, CURLE_UNKNOWN_OPTION if not, or
CURLE_OUT_OF_MEMORY if there was insufficient heap space.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR CURLOPT_SSLCERT "(3), " CURLOPT_SSLKEY "(3), "
